NOTICE.md, before:


| Dependency Name | Copyright Information | Description |	Repo URL | License Type	| License URL |
|:---------------:|:---------------------:|:-----------:|:--------:|:------------:|:-----------:|
| screenshot | Copyright (C) 2012 vova616 <vova616@gmail.com> | Original code for this library, patched/modified to be a standalone utility                                                                                                                     | https://github.com/vova616/screenshot | MIT          | https://github.com/vova616/screenshot/blob/master/LICENSE |
|------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| os         | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | provides a platform-independent interface to operating system functionality                                                                                                                     | https://golang.org/pkg/os/            | BSD Styled   | https://golang.org/LICENSE                                |
| fmt        | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | implements formatted I/O with functions analogous to C's printf and scanf                                                                                                                       | https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/           | BSD Styled   | https://golang.org/LICENSE                                |
| xgb        | Copyright (c) 2009 The XGB Authors             | low-level API to communicate with the X server. It is modeled on XCB and supports many X extensions                                                                                             | github.com/BurntSushi/xgb             | BSD 3 clause | https://github.com/BurntSushi/xgb/blob/master/LICENSE     |
| image      | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | mplements a basic 2-D image library.                                                                                                                                                            | https://golang.org/pkg/image/         | BSD Styled   | https://golang.org/LICENSE                                |
| w32        | Copyright (c) 2010-2012 The w32 Authors        | A wrapper of windows apis for the Go Programming Language.                                                                                                                                      | https://github.com/AllenDang/w32      | BSD 3 clause | https://github.com/AllenDang/w32/blob/master/LICENSE      |
| reflect    | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | implements run-time reflection, allowing a program to manipulate objects with arbitrary types                                                                                                   | http://golang.org/pkg/reflect/        | BSD Styled   | https://golang.org/LICENSE                                |
| unsafe     | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | Package unsafe contains operations that step around the type safety of Go programs. Packages that import unsafe may be non-portable and are not protected by the Go 1 compatibility guidelines. | http://golang.org/pkg/unsafe/         | BSD Styled   | https://golang.org/LICENSE                                |

Commit message:

fix extra table lines, link formatting

NOTICE.md, after:


| Dependency Name | Copyright Information | Description |	Repo URL | License Type	| License URL |
|:---------------:|:---------------------:|:-----------------------:|:--------:|:------------:|:-----------:|
| screenshot | Copyright (C) 2012 vova616 <vova616@gmail.com> | Original code for this library, patched/modified to be a standalone utility| https://github.com/vova616/screenshot | MIT          | [link](https://github.com/vova616/screenshot/blob/master/LICENSE) |
| os         | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | provides a platform-independent interface to operating system functionality| [link](https://golang.org/pkg/os/)| BSD Styled   | [link](https://golang.org/LICENSE)|
| fmt        | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | implements formatted I/O with functions analogous to C's printf and scanf| [link](https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/) | BSD Styled   | [link](https://golang.org/LICENSE)|
| xgb        | Copyright (c) 2009 The XGB Authors             | low-level API to communicate with the X server. It is modeled on XCB and supports many X extensions | [link](https://github.com/BurntSushi/xgb) | BSD 3 clause | [link](https://github.com/BurntSushi/xgb/blob/master/LICENSE) |
| image      | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | mplements a basic 2-D image library.|[link](https://golang.org/pkg/image/)         | BSD Styled   | [link](https://golang.org/LICENSE)|
| w32        | Copyright (c) 2010-2012 The w32 Authors        | A wrapper of windows apis for the Go Programming Language.| [link](https://github.com/AllenDang/w32)      | BSD 3 clause |[link](https://github.com/AllenDang/w32/blob/master/LICENSE)      |
| reflect    | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | implements run-time reflection, allowing a program to manipulate objects with arbitrary types| [link](http://golang.org/pkg/reflect/)        | BSD Styled   | [link](https://golang.org/LICENSE)|
| unsafe     | Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors              | Package unsafe contains operations that step around the type safety of Go programs. Packages that import unsafe may be non-portable and are not protected by the Go 1 compatibility guidelines. | [link](http://golang.org/pkg/unsafe/)         | BSD Styled   | [link](https://golang.org/LICENSE)                                |
